update misc/job-order (#65)
OI-wiki/i18n: docs/misc/job-order.md

> Assume you have $n$ tasks, and you are required to find a least costly order to execute them. The time spent by the $i$-th task is $t_i$ , and the time spent by the $i$-th task waiting for $t$ is $f_i(t)$ .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Assume you have $n$ tasks, and you are required to find a order with least cost to execute them. The time spent on the $i$-th task is $t_i$ , and the time spent by the $i$-th task waiting for $t$ is $f_i(t)$ .
```
It costs $t_i$ to finish $i$-th job and $f_i(t)$ to make this job wait for time $t$.

Formally speaking, given $n$ functions $f_i$ and $n$ number $t_i$ , find a permutation $p$ to minimize:

$$
F(p)=\sum_{i=1}^nf_{p_i}\left(\sum_{j=1}^{i-1}t_{p_j}\right)
$$

> ## Special cost function

Reviewer: Functions

$$

So we use the sorting strategy that if $c_{p_i}t_{p_{i+1}}-c_{p_{i+1}}t_{p_i}>0$ , we swap, written in the form of $\dfrac{c_{p_i}}{t_{p_i}}>\dfrac{c_{p_{i+1}}}{t_{p_{i+1}}}$ , it can be understood as sorting ascendingly according to $\dfrac{c_i}{t_i}$ .

To deal with this problem, we need to consider the transformation after small change and greedily select the optimal solution.

### Exponential cost function

Consider the form of the cost function as $f_i(x)=c_ie^{ax}$ , where $c_i\ge 0,a>0$ .

We follow the previous method and consider the change in cost caused by swapping the elements at $i$ and $i+1$ . The algorithm obtained is to sort the array in ascending order of $\dfrac{1-e^{at_i}}{c_i}$ .

### The same monotonically increasing function

We consider that all $f_i(x)$ are the same monotonically increasing function. Obviously we can sort the array in ascending order according to $t_i$ .

## Livshits-Kladov theorem

The Livshits-Kladov theorem is valid if and only if the cost function is one of the following three cases:

- Linear function: $f_i(t) = c_it + d_i$ , among them $c_i\ge 0$ ;
- Exponential function: $f_i(t) = c_i e^{a t} + d_i$ , among them $c_i,a>0$ ;

> - Same monotonically increasing function: $f_i(t) = \phi(t)$ , among them $\phi(t)$ is a monotonically increasing function.

Reviewer: where (条件)
